Create README.md for AUTO plugin (#14861)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/plugins/auto/README.md

# OpenVINO AUTO Plugin

> AUTO plugin for OpenVINO™ Runtime, uses a “virtual” or a “proxy” device, which does not bind to a specific type of hardware, but rather selects the processing unit for inference automatically. It detects available devices, picks the best-suited for the task, and configures optimization settings. This way, developer can write the application once and deploy it anywhere. 

Reviewer: Can you align the document with this guide: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/docs/dev/dev_doc_guide.md ?

# OpenVINO AUTO Plugin

AUTO plugin for OpenVINO™ Runtime, uses a “virtual” or a “proxy” device, which does not bind to a specific type of hardware, but rather selects the processing unit for inference automatically. It detects available devices, picks the best-suited for the task, and configures optimization settings. This way, developer can write the application once and deploy it anywhere. 

## Components
Please see more detail features at [AUTO Plugin introduction](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_OV_UG_supported_plugins_AUTO.html).

## Support
Please report issues and suggestions [GitHub issues](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/issues).

## How to Contribute
We welcome community contributions to AUTO plugin. If you have an idea how to improve the library:

> Share your proposal via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/issues)

Reviewer: I think here can be a link to Contribution guide

Author: Updated

# OpenVINO™ AUTO Plugin

The main responsibility of the AUTO plugin is to provide a unified device that enables developers to code deep learning applications once and deploy them anywhere. 

Other capabilities of the AUTO plugin include:
* Static device selection, which intelligently loads a network to one device or multiple devices.
* CPU acceleration to start inferencing while the target device is still loading the network.
* Model priority support for loading multiple networks to multiple devices.

The component is written in `C++`. If you want to contribute to the AUTO plugin, follow [the common coding style rules](../../../docs/dev/coding_style.md).

## Key contacts

In case of any questions, review and merge requests, contact the [AUTO Plugin maintainer group](https://github.com/orgs/openvinotoolkit/teams/openvino-ie-auto-multi-maintainers).

## Components

The AUTO plugin follows the OpenVINO™ plugin architecture and consists of several main components:

>  * [docs](./docs) contains developer documentation pages for AUTO plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * [docs](./docs) contains developer documentation for the AUTO plugin.
```

>  * [src](./) folder contains sources of the core component.

Reviewer: I see only one folder. Plugin doesn't have `src` folder.
I propose to move all sources to src folder.
Or maybe:
```suggestion
 * [current](./) folder contains sources of the core component.
```
But I prefer option 1

Author: Update folder name as option 2 so far.

Create ticket 100839 to move all sources to src folder when this change has less impact on others.

>  * [current](./) folder contains sources of the core component.

Reviewer: Looks like it is a copy/past from core README.
```suggestion
 * [current](./) folder contains sources of the auto plugin.
```

Author: updated

# OpenVINO™ AUTO Plugin

The main responsibility of the AUTO plugin is to provide a unified device that enables developers to code deep learning applications once and deploy them anywhere. 

> Other capabilities of the AUTO plugin:
> * Static device selection intelligently loads a network to one device or multiple devices
> * CPU acceleration to start inferencing while the target device is still loading the network
> * Model priority support for loading multiple networks to multiple devices

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other capabilities of the AUTO plugin include:
* Static device selection, which intelligently loads a network to one device or multiple devices.
* CPU acceleration to start inferencing while the target device is still loading the network.
* Model priority support for loading multiple networks to multiple devices.
```

Author: Updated

The component is written in `C++`. If you want to contribute to the AUTO plugin, follow [the common coding style rules](../../../docs/dev/coding_style.md).

## Key contacts

> In case of any questions, review and merge requests, contact the [AUTO Plugin maintainer group](https://github.com/orgs/openvinotoolkit/teams/openvino-ie-auto-multi-maintainers) group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case of any questions, review and merge requests, contact the [AUTO Plugin maintainer group](https://github.com/orgs/openvinotoolkit/teams/openvino-ie-auto-multi-maintainers).
```

Author: updated

## Components

> AUTO plugin follow OpenVINO™ plugin architecture and consists of several main compoents:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AUTO plugin follows the OpenVINO™ plugin architecture and consists of several main components:
```

Author: updated

> * Plugin class

Reviewer: Usually this section contains physical subcomponents of this component like doc, public API and etc.
For example: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/src/frontends/paddle#components

I don't think that we need to put here that it contains plugin, executable network and etc. classes. These classes are main parts of each plugin

* Infer request pipeline

> * Inference to expose exection device and properties of execution device.

Reviewer: This section is about physical components: public API, sources, tests and etc.
Take a look for example on core component:
https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/src/core

Author: Updated. Since AUTO follow standard plugin architecture, the common components of standard plugin are out of scope.

* Asynchronous Inference Request class

> Please find more details in the [OpenVINO™ Plugin Developer Guide](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_ie_plugin_dg_overview.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more in the [OpenVINO™ Plugin Developer Guide](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_ie_plugin_dg_overview.html).
```

Author: updated

> `C++` tests are implemented for AUTO plugin. Read the [AUTO plugin tests](./docs/tests.md) page for more details. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`C++` tests are implemented for the AUTO plugin. For more details, read the [AUTO plugin tests](./docs/tests.md) page. 
```

Author: updated

## Architecture

> The diagram below shows an overview of the components responsible for the basic model importing flow:

Reviewer: Model importing flow? I think it should be model inference or something like this.

Author: updated

```mermaid
flowchart TD

    subgraph Application["Application"]
    end

    subgraph OpenVINO Runtime["OpenVINO Runtime"]
        AUTO["AUTO Plugin"] --> CPU["CPU Plugin"]
        AUTO["AUTO Plugin"] --> GPU["GPU Plugin"]
    end

    Application --> AUTO

    style Application fill:#6c9f7f
```
Find more details in the [AUTO Plugin architecture](./docs/architecture.md) document.

## Tutorials

> * [How AUTO Plugin is tested](./docs/tests.md)
> * [How to integrate the new hardware plugin with AUTO plugin](./docs/integration.md)
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Testing the AUTO Plugin](./docs/tests.md)
* [Integrating a new hardware plugin with the AUTO plugin](./docs/integration.md)

```

Author: updated
